Add GRC config policy metric in 2.6 (#4107)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: governance/governance_metric.adoc

*Note:* If the metrics are not needed, and there are any concerns about performance or security, this feature can be disabled. Set the `DISABLE_REPORT_METRICS` environment variable to `true` in the propagator deployment. You can also add `policy_governance_info` metric to the observability allowlist as a custom metric. See link:../observability/customize_observability.adoc#adding-custom-metrics[Adding custom metrics] for more details.

> The `config_policies_evaluation_duration_` histogram tracks the number of seconds it takes to process all configuration policies on the cluster. Use the following metrics to implement the histogram:

Reviewer: Could this be in a new subsection?

Author: Absolutely, I was thinking about that. If we make it a new subsection, we also need to either rebrand the overview or make `policy_governance_info` its own subsection as well. Do you have any preference on that?

Reviewer: I prefer the latter option.

> The `config_policies_evaluation_duration_` histogram tracks the number of seconds it takes to process all configuration policies on the cluster. Use the following metrics to implement the histogram:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `config_policies_evaluation_duration_` histogram tracks the number of seconds it takes to process all configuration policies that are ready to be evaluated on the cluster. Use the following metrics to query the histogram:
```

- `config_policies_evaluation_duration_seconds_bucket`: The buckets are cumulative and represent seconds with the following possible entries: 1, 3, 9, 10.5, 15, 30, 90, 120, 300, 450, 600, and above.
- `config_policies_evaluation_duration_seconds_count`: The count of all events.
- `config_policies_evaluation_duration_seconds_sum`: The sum of all values.

> Use `config_policies_evaluation_duration_` to change the `ConfigurationPolicy` `evaluationInterval` setting when the time to process policies exceeds the default interval of ten seconds. To receive information about the time used to evaluate configuration policies, use a metric that resembles the following expression:

Reviewer: This first sentence isn't quite right. This information can be used to determine if the `ConfigurationPolicy` `spec.evaluationInterval` should be adjusted on resource intensive policies that don't require as frequent evaluation. Alternatively, the concurrency (a link here would be good) can be increased at the cost of more resource utilization on the Kubernetes API server.

*Note:* If the metrics are not needed, and there are any concerns about performance or security, this feature can be disabled. Set the `DISABLE_REPORT_METRICS` environment variable to `true` in the propagator deployment. You can also add `policy_governance_info` metric to the observability allowlist as a custom metric. See link:../observability/customize_observability.adoc#adding-custom-metrics[Adding custom metrics] for more details.

[#metric-config-policies-evaluation-duration-]
=== Metric: config_policies_evaluation_duration_

The `config_policies_evaluation_duration_` histogram tracks the number of seconds it takes to process all configuration policies that are ready to be evaluated on the cluster. Use the following metrics to query the histogram:

> - `config_policies_evaluation_duration_seconds_bucket`: The buckets are cumulative and represent seconds with the following possible entries: 1, 3, 9, 10.5, 15, 30, 90, 120, 300, 450, 600, and above.

Reviewer 2: remove "above"; change that to **greater**

> - `config_policies_evaluation_duration_seconds_bucket`: The buckets are cumulative and represent seconds with the following possible entries: 1, 3, 9, 10.5, 15, 30, 90, 120, 300, 450, 600, and greater.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `config_policies_evaluation_duration_seconds_bucket`: The buckets are cumulative and represent seconds with the following possible entries: 1, 3, 9, 10.5, 15, 30, 60, 90, 120, 180, 300, 450, 600, and greater.
```

- `config_policies_evaluation_duration_seconds_count`: The count of all events.
- `config_policies_evaluation_duration_seconds_sum`: The sum of all values.

> Use `config_policies_evaluation_duration_` to determine if the `ConfigurationPolicy` `evaluationInterval` setting needs to be changed for resource intensive policies that do not need frequent evaluation. You can also increase the concurrency at the cost of higher resource utilization on the Kubernetes API server. See xref:../config_policy_ctrl.adoc##configure-config-policy-controller[Configure the configuration policy controller] for more details.

Reviewer 2: extra hashtag being used in the link reference

> To receive information about the time used to evaluate configuration policies, use a metric that resembles the following expression:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To receive information about the time used to evaluate configuration policies, perform a Prometheus query that resembles the following expression:
```
